README.md, before:


  # SVG Generator

  ## Description
  This application will create a simple SVG image for you scalable up to 3 characters.<br>
  Here is an example of a type of SVG file you could make:<br>
  ![Example SVG file](/Assets//Images/image.png)


  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)
  - [Licese](#license)
  - [Contact](#contact)

  ## Installation
  Clone to local repository, run 
  >git i
  >
  to update packages. Next run 
  >node index.js
  >
  to operate.

  ## Usage
  Enter your desired parameters when prompted by the program.<br><br>
  The results are stored, and used to create a SVG file which you can open, and view in your default browser.<br>
  Results are confirm via 
  >console.log()
  >
  A video displaying functionality can be found here:<br>
  "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s8qZ7I_APkUvOoPfWpekJ5FfBgL76vxQ/view"

  ## Contributing
  Please create your own local branch.<br>
  Once you have made changes, please push to your own branch to github, and await merge to main by admin.

  ## Tests
  Coming Soon

  ## Questions
  If you have any questions, feel free to reach out via email or GitHub.

  ## License
 None.

  ## Contact
  Email: brochbaltzer@gmail.com
  GitHub: https://github.com/brochb

Commit message:

added space for tests, added line to export functions in index.js to test file

README.md, after:


  # SVG Generator

  ## Description
  This application will create a simple SVG image for you scalable up to 3 characters.<br>
  Here is an example of a type of SVG file you could make:<br>
  ![Example SVG file](/Assets//Images/image.png)


  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)
  - [Licese](#license)
  - [Contact](#contact)

  ## Installation
  Clone to local repository, run 
  >git i
  >
  to update packages. Next run 
  >node index.js
  >
  to operate.

  ## Usage
  Enter your desired parameters when prompted by the program.<br><br>
  The results are stored, and used to create a SVG file which you can open, and view in your default browser.<br>
  Results are confirm via 
  >console.log()
  >
  A video displaying functionality can be found here:<br>
  "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s8qZ7I_APkUvOoPfWpekJ5FfBgL76vxQ/view"

  ## Contributing
  Please create your own local branch.<br>
  Once you have made changes, please push to your own branch to github, and await merge to main by admin.

  ## Tests
  To confirm tests are functioning proplerly run...<br>
  >npm run test
  >
  <br>
  A normal test suite will run, and display whether or not the tests have passed or failed. Scroll up in the console to see test details.

  ## Questions
  If you have any questions, feel free to reach out via email or GitHub.

  ## License
 None.

  ## Contact
  Email: brochbaltzer@gmail.com
  GitHub: https://github.com/brochb
